docs/architecture-core.md: New file (#2613)
coreos/rpm-ostree: docs/architecture-core.md

- Unpack the "base" filesystem tree if any via hardlinks
- Determine an installation order, and unpack each package-ostree commit
  again via hardlinks
- Run all the `%post` scripts (in install order)
- Run all the `%posttrans` scripts (in install order)
- Write RPM database (if we had a "base commit", starting from that)
- If initramfs regeneration is enabled or the kernel was replaced,
  remove the base initramfs and run `dracut` to generate a new one.
- Ask libostree to commit the resulting filesystem tree, optimized
  by a (device, inode) -> checksum cache, so that files that weren't
  changed aren't re-checksummed.

### Generating the filesystem tree

In contrast to the above, traditional package managers like RPM are usually implemented in
a flow that does:

- Unpack package A
- Run `%post` script for A
- Update the package database with metadata for A
- Unpack package B
- Run `%post` script for B
- Update the package database with metadata for B
- ...
- Run `%posttrans` scripts

etc.

In contrast, rpm-ostree maintains an OSTree commit corresponding
to each RPM package provided as input.  On a client system,
you can see this in e.g. `ostree refs | grep rpmostree/pkg` 

> (assuming you have layered packages).  On a build system,
> these ostree commits will be stored in the `--repo` provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(assuming you have layered packages).  On a build system,
these ostree commits will be stored in a repo at
`pkgcache-repo/` within the cache directory.
```

the "installonly" limit back to 1 to ensure we have exactly
one kernel.  PR: https://github.com/coreos/rpm-ostree/pull/1228

Further, as noted above rpm-ostree takes over the handling of
invoking `dracut` - just like other scripts, it is run inside
a container with just read-only access to the system.  `dracut`
generates the initramfs CPIO archive, which we then place inside
the `/usr/lib/modules/$kver` location.

If client-side initramfs regeneration is enabled, we may selectively
provide desired configuration files into this process.  PR: https://github.com/coreos/rpm-ostree/pull/2170

### SELinux

Handling SELinux is very tricky, because it is a package that can affect
*every other package*.  Specifically, the SELinux policy package
contains a vast set of regular expressions in `file_contexts`
to determine labeling.

For traditional librpm, this is a plugin.

A major goal of OSTree from the start has been to ensure fully correct
handling of SELinux for the base operating system.  The way
rpm-ostree handles this is by loading the policy after the target
filesystem tree has been generated, and passes that loaded policy
to libostree, which consults it to use for the label of each

> committed file.

Reviewer: Probably also worth mentioning that at compose time we rebuild the policy before committing (with that fresh policy).
